Content Patcher loads content packs【资料袋】 that change the game's data, images, and maps without replacing XNB files. Content packs can make changes dynamically based on many in-game details like location, weather, date, festivals or events, spouse【配偶】, relationships, whether you have a Joja membership, etc.

Unlike XNB mods, these content packs get automatic update checks and compatibility checks, are easy to install and uninstall, support localisation【本土化】 automatically, are less likely to conflict, and are less likely to break due to game updates.

This mod doesn't do anything on its own; you need to install content packs separately.

Content packs let you edit the game's XNB images, data, and maps with zero programming. You can optionally use features like conditions, tokens, and player settings. See the mod author documentation for more info and a guide to creating content packs.
The Content Patcher API lets SMAPI modders create custom tokens【象征、原型、令牌、代币】 for content packs to use. See the extensibility【可扩充性】 guide for more info.


 your inventory【详细目录】, the calendar, game menus, shops, and more.

 the most relevant【有关系的、适当的、相应的】 subject【科目、主题】 is shown instead

Other useful mods that complement【补充、补足】 Lookup Anything:


Warm fire from Paradise Island Brazier【火盆、铜匠】 catching the attention of some first visitors.
Minor【较少的】 bug fixes and performance improvement


Create your own Floral【花的、植物的】 Shop, Restaurant, Fish Market, and more.

Display your cooking and farming, and expect【预期、期盼】 lots of customers browsing, making purchases,
or simply delighting in your exquisite【精致的】 decorations.

Endorse【支持、赞同】

Main Features:
Home cafeteria【自助餐厅】: Transform your Farm Building into a store and visitors will start frequenting【光顾】 your charming cafeteria【自助餐厅】.
Open your store: Set up your store anywhere and sell your best items to villagers.
Villager visitor: Invite villager to visit your house on the next day!!! Children may ask to play on your farm too!
Customer Interactions: Interact more with customers, which will give a boost【推进、提高】 to the business.
Helpful Friend: Villagers can help with some questions. Stand next to them and type 'help'.
Rush Hours: More chance of customers and higher tips, but slightly lower sale prices during Rush Hours.
Intelligence villagers: Villagers will rate your dish and your decoration style. If they love it, they may recommend your store to other villagers. However, if they hated it, you will be criticized also.
Clothes Store: Added a mannequin【人体模特】 that you can show and sell your outfit!!
Featured Dishes: Dish of the Week and Dish of the Day!!!

Spoiler【掠夺者、搞破坏的人】

Saloon ：酒吧、沙龙、大厅

Support Let Me Rest. Setting up your store at a good location not only regenerates【新生、再生】 your stamina【活力、精力、耐力】 but also boosts your market!!!﻿