Register for free now or upgrade your experience with 【extra perks：额外津贴/消费】 and support Nexus Mods by becoming a 【Premium Member：额外津贴/奖金/奖赏 会员】.

Please see our 【Terms：条款】 of Service and Privacy Policy.

Troubleshooting：发现并修理故障
Key Bindings
Compatibility：兼容性


Steam 【overlay：覆盖】, achievements, and playtime tracking to work

【Alternatively：非此即彼】, you can add SMAPI as a non-Steam game if you would like 【separate：独立的】 Steam play buttons for an unmodded and modded version of the game.

You can now select play on StardewModdingAPI (or its alternate title) and SMAPI will launch, 【preserving：保留】 the original "Stardew Valley" entry in your Steam Library for use in playing the unmodded game. The Steam 【overlay ：覆盖】will still be available, and Steam recognizes that Stardew Valley is being run 【as well：也，还有】, adding to your playtime. Achievements will also work as usual, as Stardew Valley is recognized by Steam as being active when SMAPI is being run.


Use
For players
You can edit settings from the title screen (via the 【cog：齿轮】 button) or in-game (at the bottom of the in-game options menu). This only works for mods which were designed to support Generic Mod Config Menu, and some mods may only allow editing their config from the title screen.

Changes are live after saving, no need to restart the game.

For mod authors
For C# mods: see the mod author documentation﻿.
For Content Patcher packs: you don't need to do anything! Content Patcher will add the config UI automatically for you.

Compatibility
Compatible with Stardew Valley 1.5.5+ on Linux/macOS/Windows, both single-player and multiplayer.




Known issue: 【grass：草】 will never 【spawn：产卵】 outside the farm on existing saves

Stardew Valley Expanded 【Discord：不和，这里是某个软件】 Server

SVE events aim to expand the story of Stardew's characters and the 【lore：知识，眼光】 of the world. Players can visit the Stardew Valley Expanded Wikipedia﻿ for details on how to trigger the new events. SVE as of Version 1.14 adds over 260 new events.


SVE features an expanded Joja storyline! What will the 【fate ：命运】of 【Pelican：醍醐鸟】 Town be if you, the player, side with Joja and allow a corporate【社团的】 takeover【接管】 of the valley?